Astro 11/15 release notes (#1484)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.7.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 15, 2022

### Additional improvements 

> - In the Cloud UI, the **People** page now shows the IDs of users belonging to your Organization.

Author: ```suggestion
- In the Cloud UI, the **People** page now shows the IDs of users belonging to your Organization.
- In the Cloud UI, the **Deployments** page now shows the user or API key that most recently updated each Deployment and when they updated it.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.7.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## November 15, 2022

### Additional improvements 

> - In the Cloud UI, the **People** tab now shows the IDs of users belonging to your Organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Cloud UI, the **People** page now shows the IDs of users belonging to your Organization.
```
Google developer documentation style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/201956218-6b32cba3-66d1-4083-b1fb-d99e47c7c844.png)

Microsoft Style Guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/201956630-a6af5899-af8d-48d4-beaf-71d2fde8802f.png)

In this instance, a user selects the **People** tab to view the **People** page.

> - In the Cloud UI, you can now export a table of all users in your Organization using **Export** in the **People** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the Cloud UI, you can now use **Export** on the **People** page to export a table of all users in your Organization.
```
Google developer documentation style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/201957676-553f3049-ad85-4919-a071-2f7f02cbf03f.png)

What you're describing is a new option on a _page_ in the UI.

Reviewer 2: Export is not live in Cloud UI yet.

### Bug fixes

> - Availability zone (AZ) rebalancing has been disabled for worker node pools on AWS clusters. This change should result in fewer [zombie tasks](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#zombie-undead-tasks) and less volatility across workers. AZ rebalancing is enabled for other system components on Astro.
> - The **Updated at** field for a transferred Deployment now displays the correct time.
>   

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Availability zone (AZ) rebalancing has been disabled for worker node pools on AWS clusters. This change should result in fewer [zombie tasks](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#zombie-undead-tasks) and less volatility across workers. AZ rebalancing is enabled for other system components on Astro.
- The **Updated at** field for a transferred Deployment now displays the correct time.
- `astro deploy --dags` is now compatible with the triggerer and works and correctly handles deferrable tasks.
```
